# QuantumComputingAlgorithms- 

Check out the various Quantum Algorithm Simulations made in Python! These Simulations align with my video tutorial series on understanding Quantum Computers and diving deep into the realm of Quantum Algorithms through Python!

# Connection to Polygence Project: Learning Quantum Computers through Python!

In modern-day society, there is access to numerous sources to learning databases for various topics on the web for free, but is there always a helping hand to help get you started? For certain complex but beautiful topics like Quantum Computers and Quantum Algorithms, trying to get a grasp and understand them might seem difficult, but it really isn't! The goal of this project is to help fulfill achieve a student's passion for learning a topic like this, in the form of a video tutorial series on youtube! The tutorial series dives deep into a series of substantial questions. Why is Quantum Computing more efficient than Classical Computing? What does it mean for a quantum computer to be “faster” than a classical computer? What types of algorithms can run faster on a quantum computer than on a classical computer? We plan to prove these claims of the increased efficiency of Quantum Computing by studying Deutsch’s Algorithm, one of the first Quantum Computer Algorithms developed. Efficiently, the tutorials solidify the understanding of Quantum Algorithms by developing an understanding of Quantum mechanics and its description of physical systems. Now to integrate my Computer Science passions into this project, the video tutorials implement the learning of Quantum Algorithms through the programming language Python in the Google Collab IDE,  and I go through various step-by-step processes of coding certain Quantum Algorithmic Simulations.  Conveniently, the person watching the series doesn't need to have a pre-requisite knowledge of Quantum Mechanics or Python, just a growth mindset, as everything gets taught from the scratch! As a result, this aspect brings uniqueness to this project intending to help others learn such an interesting subject through the scope of computer science! 

# Resources:

Link to slides/database - https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1Cky9HUqkH2mnC6a9t6SsrVM9CVbYRtSu?usp=sharing
Link to youtube channel - https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLAP6sKFCgbd7g2viTFOuLcQx3JJAAskNx - Go to "Quantum Computing through Python Series!"
